---
layout: post
title:  "test2"
date:   2014-05-28 09:16:46
categories: blog
---

Don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. it's because i'm green isn't it! you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. this is my gun, clyde! when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. hey, maybe i will give you a call sometime. your number still 911? look ma i'm road kill this is my gun, clyde! excuse me, i'd like to ass you a few questions. what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? alrighty then ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy.
Well, do you have anything to say for yourself? man's gotta know his limitations. alrighty then hey, maybe i will give you a call sometime. your number still 911? we're going for a ride on the information super highway. you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. are you feeling lucky punk we're going for a ride on the information super highway. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. brain freeze. when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. here she comes to wreck the day.
Good morning, oh in case i don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. we got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! haaaaaaarry. kinda hot in these rhinos. this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. your entrance was good, his was better. here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. well, do you have anything to say for yourself? look at that, it's exactly three seconds before i honk your nose and pull your underwear over your head. good morning, oh in case i don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. brain freeze.
Your entrance was good, his was better. here she comes to wreck the day. man's gotta know his limitations. kinda hot in these rhinos. it's because i'm green isn't it! what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. are you feeling lucky punk look at that, it's exactly three seconds before i honk your nose and pull your underwear over your head. look ma i'm road kill

[jekyll-gh]: https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll]:    http://jekyllrb.com
