---
layout: post
title:  "test1"
date:   2014-05-29 09:16:46
categories: blog
---

Here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. well, do you have anything to say for yourself? well, do you have anything to say for yourself? you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. man's gotta know his limitations. are you feeling lucky punk what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining.
This is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. this is my gun, clyde! when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. man's gotta know his limitations. are you feeling lucky punk you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. this is my gun, clyde! you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy.

[jekyll-gh]: https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll]:    http://jekyllrb.com
